well first of all we lost Marcy because
of both mine first because you visit us
and people on Facebook I think they saw
our cow we were not expecting at all
from our part this have to go on great
cow have always a price will you forego
this cow this cow go to a really good
farm operation Mel source butter and we
didn't know to sell her so fast but also
Jeff parlour visit us with Carolyn
McKinnon and from there stamp procedure
negotiation today we are very impressed
about Marcy but people will have an
opportunity I think to see her the
screen show in Wisconsin she's
incredible cow which is for us too much
3rd calf 4 years old
we saw old the bone you know all the
calf after her calving everything will
go to the right spot and this girl she
will be amazing
again congratulation to the to the pilot